Go to hell
Ah!
Don't go don't go
Aren't you really handsome?
You don't even have the ability to fart, and you are still so greedy for life and fear of death?
What's wrong with you?
Why can't even a KTV service provider beat it?
Does it even need to be asked?
Because he's an impostor.
It's really fake, I told you
You don't believe
What a hero the warlord is
Don't say it's him
Even the 900 warlords under the warlord
30,000 dragon armor
Even if you pick one out
Are invincible existences
How can you be spanked and urinate?
You bastard
How dare you pretend to be a war commander
I'll kill you.
Say why pretending to be a war commander
No. Why?
It's me who sees you as beautiful
I want to sleep with you, but I'm afraid you won't agree.
I only know that you like war handsome.
Agree to impersonate you bastard
I'll kill you.
Hey, don't move, my dad is Zhao Tianlong
What? Your father is Zhao Tianlong?